hey everyone is chilly today we'll be
making Cuban style spaghetti we are
going to season the beef a little
differently but if you give this a try
you are going to love it
I really think you will so let's get
started so the first thing you want to
do is cook your ground beef I like to
break it up with my fingers makes life a
lot easier we want to brown the beef
completely and mine did not release a
lot of oil I use 90% sirloin it's what I
had you may use whatever you like of
course go ahead and add in your onions
and peppers if you have sofrito
on hand you may add some sofrito is a
mixture of onions peppers garlic
cilantro and olive oil depending on how
you make it I usually don't make sofrito
I just wait till my grandmother makes a
huge batch and my mom aunt and I go with
plastic container then we take some true
story all right go ahead and add in some
garlic you're not going anywhere without
garlic right right some tomato paste a
bay leaf oregano sazon some cumin and if
you're familiar with Cuban cuisine you
know that bay leaves cumin garlic and
oregano are almost mandatory and every
dish seasoned with salt and pepper
always just make sure to season the beef
well and I'll be very happy give
everything a stir and now you probably
use red wine when cooking with red meat
but since this is Cuban style we just
have to use vino cycle dry white wine
and you know how they always say use a
nice expensive wine something that's
pleasant to drink well that doesn't
apply to Cuban cuisine because dry white
wine is cheap like a dollar so if you
could find something more inexpensive
like 50 Cent's even better alright go
ahead and add in some crushed tomatoes
you can use half of a can of crushed and
half of a can of diced tomatoes if you
like it really chunky that's optional I
always use fire roasted crushed Tomatoes
they're my favorite I love them I like
to throw in a pinch of sugar to cut the
acidity that is optional give everything
a good stir
cover this and lower the heat to low I
cook this for about 30 minutes
I started boiling the pasta water the
minute I covered this so that can give
you an idea of exactly how long I cooked
it for you want to taste for seasoning
make sure you season well with salt and
pepper it should be very flavorful
definitely not bland City remove the bay
leaf yeah my grandmother never did I do
sometimes I have their hand some capers
you can throw in some olives instead
trust me it's good you can leave them
out if you'd like let it I recommend
them you can use any type of pasta you
prefer except Jumbo shells that would be
weird I always like to add the pasta in
little by little so I have a good
balance of pasta and sauce you don't
want to add any ton of pasta and then
wonder where all the sauce went then
you're left with dry pasta and you don't
want that go ahead and add in some
Parmesan cheese if you like that's
optional give everything a stir and then
you want to cover this and let it warm
up a little bit and be even more
flavorful for about 10 minutes in those
10 minutes you can set the table or if
you're lucky you have someone already
setting it for you while you're cooking
maybe some kids kids love to set the
table go ahead and serve yourself some
of this delicious pasta I added a little
bit of extra Parmesan cheese on top and
this was really amazing it reminded me
of my childhood my grandmother always
made this I'm not saying this is Cuban
authentic spaghetti this is just how my
grandmother always prepared spaghetti
for us for some reason I remember her
spaghetti always being cold cold but
delicious
her defense is always the same and she
would call me million times to come and
eat and I would never listen I listen
now that's for sure I really hope you
guys give this recipe a try don't be
afraid of the capers or the olives throw
them in I hope you guys enjoyed this
recipe and thank you all so much for
watching